Miscellaneous fixes (#5)
nrfconnect/nrf70-bm: nrf70_bm_lib/docs/source/nrf70_bm_porting_guide.rst

The reference implementation of the BM Driver for the Zephyr RTOS uses build-time tools as well as standard OS primitives; these elements require porting effort when integrating the driver to a third-party (non-Zephyr) platform.

.. list-table:: OS primitives porting guidelines
  :header-rows: 1

  * - OS primitive
    - Description
    - OSAL API
    - Reference Zephyr API
  * - Tasklet

>     - Used to offload tasks from the ISR context to the main task context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Used to process offloaded tasks from the nRF70 ISR context (typically events coming from the nRF70 Series device)
```

    - k_msleep()/k_usleep()
  * - Spinlocks
    - Used to manage the synchronization between the nRF70 Series and the host MCU.
    - spinlock_***
    - k_sem_***
  * - Timers
    - Used to manage the timers for the nRF70 Series driver, esp. for low power mode.
    - timer_***
    - k_work_delayable_***

.. note ::

   The synchronization primitives used in the latest reference implementation have been updated to use Zephyr spinlocks instead of semaphores.

* *Driver model*: The reference implementation uses the Zephyr driver model to manage the nRF70 Series device.

    .. list-table:: Driver model porting guidelines
      :header-rows: 1

      * - Driver model component
        - Description
        - OSAL API
        - Reference Zephyr API
      * - SPI
        - Uses Zephyr's SPI driver to communicate with the nRF70 Series over SPI.
        - qspi_*_reg32()/qspi_cpy_*()
        - spi_transceive_dt()
      * - GPIO
        - Uses Zephyr's GPIO driver to manage the GPIO pins of the nRF70 Series.
        - bus_qspi_dev_add()/bus_qspi_dev_rem()
        - gpio_pin_configure_dt()

* *Build time tools*: The reference implementation uses the following build-time tools:

>     - DTS: Used to define the GPIO pins of the nRF70 Series

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - DTS: Used to define the GPIO configuration for the nRF70 Series on the host platform
```

>         - the nRF70 Series BM driver uses C headers over DTS for any hardware-specific configuration

Reviewer: So far I only saw the two TX power ceil headers - is there more?
With respect to GPIOs - it would be nice if we can point on the auto-generated DTS headers that point to the GPIO configuration.

Author: I will add a section for picking up auto-generated files from the Zephyr build.

    - Kconfig: Used to define the configuration options for the nRF70 Series driver

>         - Zephyr's build system generates autoconf.h based on the Kconfig options, this can be used as a basis for the third-party platform.

Reviewer: Could this autoconf.h be an artifact @krish2718 ? Or we can point to it more "directly" so users won't struggle to find it?

Author: Added a separate section with paths
